.TH "regedit" "1" "2008\-09\-21"
.SH "NAME" 
regedit \- the wine(1) registry editor.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.\" 1 
.B regedit 
.I filename
.\" 2
.br
.B regedit 
\-E 
.I filename 
[
.I regpath
]
.\" 3
.br
.B regedit 
\-D 
.I regpath

.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP
This manual page documents briefly the \fBregedit\fR command.
.PP
.B regedit 
is the \fBwine\fR(1) registry editor, featuring the look and feel of the
regedit application on Windows\(tm systems, if 
.B regedit
is used without arguments. It is also command\-line compatible with Windows\(tm regedit.
.PP 
The switches are case\-insensitive and can be prefixed either by '\-' or '/'.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-E\fR \fIfile\fR [ \fIregpath\fR ]
Exports the content of the specified registry key to the specified \fIfile\fR. It exports
the whole registry if no key is specified.
.TP
.BI "\-D " regpath
Deletes the specified registry key.
.TP
.BR \-S 
Runs silently. It can be used with any other switch. 
.TP
.BR  \-V 
Uses advanced mode. It can be used with any other switch. This switch is ignored, it
exists for compatibility with Windows\(tm regedit.
.TP
.BI  "\-L " location
Specifies the \fIlocation\fR of the system.dat file. It can be used with any
other switch. This switch is ignored and exists for compatibility with
Windows\(tm regedit.
.TP
.BI "\-R " location
Specifies the \fIlocation\fR of the user.dat file. It can be used with any
other switch. This switch is ignored and exists for compatibility with
Windows\(tm regedit.
.TP
.BR  \-? 
Prints a help message. Any other switches are ignored.


.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR wine "(1), " regsvr32 (1)

.SH "AUTHOR"
This manual page was written by Francois Wendling <frwendling@free.fr> for the
Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
