.TH "winebrowser" "1" "2008\-09\-20"

.SH "NAME" 
winebrowser \- opens a file or URL in the user's preferred application

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
.B winebrowser 
{ 
.IR file\  | \ URL 
}
.br
.B winebrowser
{ \-\-help | \-\-manual | \-\-version }


.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP
This manual page documents briefly the \fBwinebrowser\fR command.
.PP
.B winebrowser
opens a 
.IR file " or " URL
in the user's preferred application. If a
.I URL 
is provided the 
.I URL 
will be opened in the user's preferred web browser. If a 
.I file
is provided the 
.I file 
will be opened in the preferred application for files of
that type. 
.B winebrowser
supports file, ftp, http and https URLs.
.PP
.B winebrowser
is for use inside a desktop session only. It is not recommended to use
it as root.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.BR \-\-help
Shows a help message.
.TP
.BR \-\-version 
Shows \fBwinebrowser\fR version.
.TP
.BR \-\-manual
Shows a long help message.

.SH "EXIT CODES"
An exit code of 0 indicates success while a non\-zero exit code indicates
failure. The following failure codes can be returned:
.TP
.BR 1
Error in command line syntax.
.TP
.BR 2
One of the files passed on the command line did not exist.
.TP
.BR 3
A required tool could not be found.
.TP
.BR 4
The action failed.

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.TP 
\fBwinebrowser\fR 'http://www.freedesktop.org/'
Opens the Freedesktop.org website in the user's default browser
.TP 
\fBwinebrowser\fR /tmp/foobar.png
Opens the PNG image file /tmp/foobar.png in the user's default image viewing application.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR wine (1)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
.B winebrowser
is Copyright \(co 2002 Alexandre Julliard.

This manual page was written by Francois Wendling <frwendling@free.fr> for the
Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
