.TH "wine\-font\-convert" "1" "2008\-09\-21"
.SH "NAME" 
wine\-font\-convert \- wine(1) font converter

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.PP
.B wine\-font\-convert 
[
.B \-q
] [
.B \-c
.I charset
] [
.B \-t 
.I fontdir
] [
.B 
\-b 
.I bdftopcf
] [
.B \-f 
.I fnt2bdf
] [
.B \-p 
.I pattern
]
.I windir

.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP
This manual page documents briefly the \fBwine\-font\-convert\fR command.
.PP
\fBwine\-font\-convert\fR  scans \fIwindir\fR and its subdirectories for
bitmap\-fonts in Windows\(tm format, converts them to PCF\-fonts and installs
them. If X is running, the X fontpath is re\-adjusted.


.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.BR \-q
Quits operation.
.TP
.BI "\-c " charset
Specifies the charset name for OEM_CHARSET fonts. (Default: winsys)
.TP
.BI "\-t " fontdir
Specifies the directory to install the converted fonts in. This directory
should be a known font directory to X. (Default: /usr/X11R6/lib/X11/fonts/misc)
.TP
.BI "\-b " bdftopcf
Specifies the name of the program to call for bdf to pcf conversion. (Default:
/usr/X11R6/bin/bdftopcf)
.TP
.BI "\-f " fnt2bdf  
Specifies the name of the program to call for winfont to bdf conversion. (Default:
/usr/bin/fnt2bdf)
.TP
.BI "\-p " pattern  
Specifies the \fIpattern\fR of the filenames to look for. By default, the
utility will look for the pattern *.fon (case insensitive).
.TP
.BR \-?
Shows a short help message.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR wine "(1), " fnt2bdf "(1), " bdftopcf (1)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
Copyright 2000 Peter Ganten
.PP
This manual page was written by Francois Wendling <frwendling@free.fr> for the
Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
